Improve Readme (#1)
neondatabase-labs/authorize-demo-custom-jwt: README.md

<img width="250px" src="https://neon.tech/brand/neon-logo-dark-color.svg" />

# Neon Authorize Demo: Securing Your Application with Custom JWTs and Row-Level Security

This project demonstrates how to leverage **Neon Authorize** using Custom JWT's. Instead of relying on JWTs generated by third-party authentication providers (like Clerk or Auth0), this demo showcases how to create and use JWTs signed directly by your server.

### **Why is this important?**

> Neon Authorize empowers you to move authorization logic closer to your data in PostgreSQL. By using custom JWTs, you maintain complete control over the token generation process while still benefiting from Neon Authorize's seamless integration with RLS. This approach is valuable when you have specific requirements for your JWT structure or want to avoid dependencies on external auth providers for certain internal workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neon Authorize lets you move authorization logic closer to your data in PostgreSQL. By using custom JWTs, you maintain complete control over the token generation process while still benefiting from Neon Authorize's integration with RLS. This approach is valuable when you have specific requirements for your JWT structure or want to avoid dependencies on external auth providers for certain internal workflows.
```
